LICENSE BETA VERSION

By clicking accept you agree to all terms below regarding the use of Chunkmapper Beta Version ("Chunkmapper" or "Software").

Grant of License

Subject to the terms of this Agreement, Matthew Molloy grants to you a limited, non-exclusive, non-transferable license, without right to sub-license, to use Chunkmapper.  Matthew does not transfer the title of Chunkmapper to you; the license granted to you is not a sale.  This agreement is a binding legal agreement between you and Matthew.  If you do not agree to be bound by this agreement, remove Chunkmapper from your computer now.

Copyright Restriction

This Software contains copyrighted material, trade secrets and other proprietary material.  You shall not, and shall not attempt to, modify, reverse engingeer, disassemble or decompile Chunkmapper.  Nor can you create any derivative works that are based upon or derived from Chunkmapper in whole or in part.  Matthew Molloy retains sole and exclusive ownership of all right, title and interest in and to Chunkmapper Beta and all Intellectual Property rights relating thereto.

Limitation of Responsibility

In no event (including, without limitation, in the event of negligence) will Matthew Molloy be liable for any consequential, incidental, indirect, special or punitive damages whatsoever (including, without limitation, damages for loss of profits, loss of use, business interruption, loss of information or data, or pecuniary loss), in connection with or arising out of or related to this Agreement, Chunkmapper or the use or inability to use Chunkmapper or the furnishing, performance or use of any other matters hereunder whether based upon contract, tort or any other theory including negligence.

Matthew Molloy makes no representation or warranties in respect of this Software and expressly excludes all other warranties, expressed or implied, oral or written, including, without limitation, any implied warranties of merchantable quality or fitness for a particular purpose.

This Agreement shall be governed by the law of the New Zealand applicable therein. You hereby irrevocably attorn and submit to the non-exclusive jurisdiction of the courts of New Zealand therefrom. If any provision shall be considered unlawful, void or otherwise unenforceable, then that provision shall be deemed severable from this License and not affect the validity and enforceability of any other provisions.

THIS SOFTWARE AND THE ACCOMPANYING FILES ARE SOLD "AS IS" AND WITHOUT WARRANTIES AS TO PERFORMANCE OR MERCHANTABILITY OR ANY OTHER WARRANTIES WHETHER EXPRESSED OR IMPLIED. THIS DISCLAIMER CONCERNS ALL FILES GENERATED AND EDITED BY Chunkmapper AS WELL.

CHUNKMAPPER PRIVACY POLICY

Chunkmapper respects your privacy.  When you download Chunkmapper, your IP is privately recorded, however no personal information about you is obtained.  This data is not passed to any third parties.
